Please mother, show me how to make it work. I want this to work!
Well, if it isn't little, you're gonna tell your wife.
What is your father? I haven't seen him.
He's not coming, and we're not accepting him in terms.
Tell your wife, do you know how hard it is to be a parent?
It's like driving a car in the dark.
You keep going and going. You don't know where to turn.
Whatever your father did, I'm sure he did it with his best intentions.
Yes, I'm sure.
No, I'm glad it's you.
Are you speaking my notes often?
I mean, I'm glad that Blake chose you.
You two together? That's an unstoppable team.
Can I ask him a question?
Of course, shoot.
Are you sure we can make it work, even though we're not late?
I do.
This woman up here, our mighty moon goddess, she actually has quite a dark sense of humor.
Yes, my lily was actually the daughter of my father's greatest enemy,
but we made it work, and so will you.
Natalia, they're ready for you.
I know you're her father's in here, so would it be alright if I escorted you down here?
Be nervous.
You know, I remember you and Blake's show, how you used to play, and that's so much fun.
This was meant to be.